Life is about ego, achievement, self-esteem, sunshine, laughter, hugging, negotiation, doing things for other people and looking forward to things. Life is about please, thank you and doing your best. Life is all about friends too.|Dr. John Tickell
I remember once someone saying 'you're shouting at me' and I said 'yes, I shout, I cry, I laugh, I'm human'. If you go off your head sometimes and you know it's wrong, well, say you're sorry. In the end people respect you for what you are - not what you make out you are.|Kevin Weldon
All you have to do is stay alive and you can fill in the time somehow.|Athol Jones
A customer is the most important visitor in our place of business. He is not dependent on us. We are dependent on him. He is not an interruption on our work. He is the purpose of it.|Mahatma Gandhi
Unless you are brief, your complete plan of thought will seldom be grasped. Before you reach the conclusion, the reader or listener has forgotten the beginning and the middle.|Horace
Life's most persistent and urgent question is, What are you doing for others?|Martin Luther King
Most people would learn from their mistakes if they weren't so busy denying they made them.|Anonymous
Never get so busy making a living that you forget to make a life.|Anonymous
The world really isn't much worse than it ever was. It's just that the news coverage is better.|Anonymous
When spider webs unite, they can tie up a lion.|Ethiopian Proverb
If you want to be liked never lie about yourself - and be careful when telling the truth about others.|Anonymous
The person who is slowest in making a promise is most faithful in its performance.|Anonymous
The person who won't read has no advantage over the person who can't.|Anonymous
Service is the rent you pay for room on this earth.|Anonymous
A smile is as contagious as a yawn and is remembered more fondly when gone.|Anonymous
If your face wants to smile - let it. If it doesn't - make it!|Anonymous
Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow.|Anonymous
A great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.|Anonymous
Forgiveness can turn enemies into friends; Gossip can turn friends into enemies.|Anonymous
Friendship between two persons depends upon the patience of one.|Anonymous
To make a dream come true, you first must have a dream.|Anonymous
Think young. Ageing is for wine.|Anonymous
There are two ways to be clever. First, think of a bright remark in time to say it. Second, think of it in time not to say it.|Anonymous
Forgiveness is a funny thing. It warms the heart and cools the sting.|Anonymous
It is a funny thing about life; if you refuse to accept anything but the best you very often get it.|Anonymous
